hi Lana cakes so today I wanted to show
you this beautiful makeup look I posted
a picture on Instagram and so many of
you wanted to see this makeup look and I
told you film it for you guys
so I did this is what it looks like I
feel like a Barbie doll right now and I
really really like this look I've been
wearing like a lot of these colors
lately I've been wearing it a lot and I
absolutely love it
so I thought I'd share with you guys so
if you guys want to know how to get this
beautiful makeup look just keep watching
first starting off with Urban Decay
eyeshadow primer potion I'm gonna apply
this to your eyelid and a little bit
underneath as well then I'm taking this
hot pink eyeshadow from makeup forever
and like a fluffy brush it but sort of
like tapered and pointed and I'm gonna
put this in my crease area bring it up a
little bit and you know if you want more
I'm more pink if you want more v I'm
fibrin then blunt out now taking this
green eyeshadow from the elf palette
this one has a little bit of shimmer I'm
gonna put this under my waterline with a
pencil brush and just put it on there
then I'm going to take this NYX liquid
crystal glitter and put this on top of
the green and this is just gonna make
your eyes pop a little bit why I love
the glitter I love it then I'm taking
L'Oreal carbon intense eyeliner and I'm
gonna line my waterline with this then
I'm also going to tightline so I just
put my finger up it looks like I'm
pulling but I'm not and I just put my
finger there and put the wall put the
eyeliner there then I'm taking the NYX
jumbo eye pencil in the color milk and
I'm put this putting this on my eyelids
and then I'm gonna blend it out with my
finger but I'm mostly gonna put it on
the inner corners of my eyes as well
this is gonna make your eyes pop a
little bit more
so blend it on good then I'm using this
Sephora eyeshadow and this is like a
nice pearly white color and it's in the
color Aspen summit and I'm just gonna
take a flat brush and apply this
directly to my eyelid this is gonna make
the white jumbo eye pencil like it's
gonna make it stick better since we have
the eye pads underneath then I'm taking
this dark blue from L'Oreal and these
are like
pressed pigment super gorgeous just look
at that and this is in the color eight
eight nine midnight blue and I'm gonna
use the same brush I used before for the
pink and I'm gonna apply this in the
outer V of my eye as well as sort of
blends it into the crease you don't want
to go all the way in though this is just
gonna be a little bit to give you that
definition and that darker color on the
outside just look how pretty that is so
far just look at it little blue
beautiful now you are using the NYX
super skinny marker um I actually have a
new one now that I like better but for
this video I use this one and I'm going
to line the top of my eye right close to
my eyelashes as possible and I'm going
to bring it out a little bit as well
because I love winged cat eye liner
that's just the way to go you know this
is what it you should look like so far
then we're going to curl our lashes to
prepare them for mascara I'm using the
tweezerman lash curler in rose gold and
I love tweezerman
then I'm taking this mascara I'm using a
legal length mascara by Maybelline and I
love the brush and everything sign just
use that and I'm putting this on the
bottom lashes first and then you want to
do your top lashes you could even do
like a coat or another coat if you
wanted to two coats and I love it now
for blush I'm using one from Tarte in
the color I'm used and it's like a
bubblegum u pink and I'm gonna apply
this to my cheekbones with an angled
blush brush and then a little bit more
now I'm using a NYX lip liner in the
color 8:35 pinky and this is like a nice
hot pink color and I'm going to line my
lips then I'm taking snow orchid from
Mac and this is a lipstick and super
gorgeous and I'm applying to my lips as
well you know a top and bottom don't
look like the other and of course now
I'm gonna take pictures because that's
what you do when you think you look good
right and now we're all done with the
finished look the eyes and then move the
hair the face come on Karolina move it
and then looks so I hope you guys enjoy
this tutorial hope was easy to follow I
used like a whole bunch of different
shadows I didn't actually use the
palette this time I was just using like
single eyeshadows here and there so um
maybe you guys can find the same similar
colors maybe into one of the palettes
you guys have or something like that it
doesn't have to be the same exact
obviously but you know close enough or
you know just figure something out if
you guys want to know how to if you guys
wanted to do the same makeup look so I
really hope you guys enjoyed this
tutorial and I shall see you all in the
next video have a great day and take
care cuz I can't I love you bye